Fixed a ValidationError when requesting a Playlist without a cover image (#309)
felix-hilden/tekore: docs/src/release_notes.rst

Release notes
=============
Unreleased
----------
Fixed
*****

> - Fixed a bug causing a ValidationError when requesting an empty playlist without an image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make ``images`` optional in :class:`Playlist <model.Playlist>`
  to fix getting empty playlists without an image (#309)
```
